Docs to show S3 and Local File Store support for SAM and Serverlesss (#5445)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/serverless/serverless-lambda-cd-quickstart.md

You can see the serverless.yaml manifest in Harness.

:::info

> You can also use AWS S3 or Harness Local FileStore as your manifest provider. For information on how to configure those see [Manifest Providers for Serverless Lambda](/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/serverless/manifest-sources-for-serverless-lambda.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use AWS S3 or Harness Local File Store as your manifest provider. For information on how to configure those manifests, go to [Manifest Providers for Serverless Lambda](/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/serverless/manifest-sources-for-serverless-lambda.md).
```
